tsunami
The infantry began to attack, adding to the fierceness that had never been seen before.
The enemy was also concentrated in the area of the Bukitema area with a gunshot range of 300.
As the enemy was being pressured with a brave action on the 15th of October, the very large 0010 cannon arrived on the battlefield.
The 0010 cannon was crushed by a large army of soldiers in the city.
On the 15th, the enemy was to attack at 10 o'clock in the morning.
The enemy was concentrated in the area of the Bukitema area with a fierce action on the 15th of October.
I went back to the command post and made a plan.
I drove a car near the evening and went back to the command post.
The head of the mutaguchi squad was about to enter the first battle.
I was not at the right time for the king to enter the first battle.
When the head of the squad was advanced to the first battle, the head of the squad was in a hurry to attack.
I thought he was coming to the battle, so I made an extra effort to attack him.
I may cause unnecessary damage.
Now it's inappropriate. Please make it a good one.
I said something like that.
Then the head of the squad was asked in the tent of the squad commander.
He was asked for six years, but he was dropped into tears.
Marumaru, I'm not going to the first battle with that kind of feeling.
I'm not going to the first battle with a stingy idea of ​​a special battle.
Also, my subordinate knows that I advanced to the first battle and came to the special battle.
No one has the water-scented feelings or thoughts.
Probably, the subordinate's squad will attack the enemy with a battle of the military flag tonight.
Then, the head of the squad and the general commander will start the battle.
Many of the soldiers of the squad will fight.
I want to take a look at the soldiers and make them fight.
The subordinates know my feelings well.
They will welcome me with joy.
I can rest assured.
The head of the squad was dropped into tears.
I was also touched and cried.
This is the true warrior's castle.
I was crying and I couldn't help it.
I was happy and I was happy.
I have nothing to say.
Please go to the first battle of the squad commander.
The squad commander was also happy.
Please go to the first battle of the squad.
At 10 p.m.
in the afternoon, the curved
This complaints has been written a national examination in the
has been the final solution forου
If mankind chooses to